### Some people think that students benefit from wearing school uniforms. Other people say that wearing school uniforms makes students conform and so does not allow them to be creative and independent. Which point of view do you agree with and why?

#### (<ins>Wear school uniforms</ins> -> Develop <ins>social skills</ins> -> Achieve greater success in the future)

To begin with, when <ins>students wear their school uniforms</ins>, they can achieve greater success in the future. This is because people develop their <ins>social skills</ins> by doing such activities, and people tend to be more successful when they obtain these abilities in their lives. Therefore, <ins>wearing school uniforms</ins> is necessary to differentiate oneself from others. My father's story is a compelling example of this. For example, my dad, the CEO of a technology company in Korea, is well-known for his <ins>cooperative skills</ins>. He had to start his business from his garage, and he spent day and night putting parts together because he was dedicated to changing the world. Not all the products he built were a success, and some of his products failed dramatically. However, he never feared failure. Even during the most unlucky times, he tried to overcome the obstacles by <ins>putting on work uniforms and sharing thoughts with his colleagues</ins>. Due to his enthusiasm toward his work, his products became popular and won the respect of his peers. He is now considered one of the most successful people in Korea. All this was possible because he <ins>promoted a sense of community by wearing work uniforms</ins>.
