### Some people argue using cleaner energy to protect the environment, but some people say that we should use traditional energy sources such as coal and oil because they are less expensive. What is your suggestion?

#### (Environmental issues -> A matter of life and death -> More urgent concern & Individual actions matter)

To begin with, environmental issues are very urgent and critical these days, and every single person in the world needs to <ins>take actions immediately</ins>. It is a well-known fact that <ins>the environment is a matter of life and death for many people</ins> in the globe. The consequences of <ins>environmental degradation</ins> not only <ins>hit close to home</ins> but also affect human beings all over the planet. Thus, people should use <ins>alternative energy sources</ins> to <ins>protect the environment</ins>. For instance, according to the documentary that I watched online, there are many animal species expected to disappear within two decades. If current trends continue, scientists warn that within a few decades at least half of all plant and animal species on Earth will become extinct. The Florida panther in the Everglades, for example, is expected to disappear completely in near future. Fewer than 100 panthers remain in the Everglades. <ins>To deal with the looming crisis</ins>, people have developed many rules and policies to protect the species. As a result, the number of the Florida panthers are constantly increasing every year. Not only this, but people are also <ins>experiencing major environmental problems such as air pollution, natural resource depletion, and water pollution</ins>. To conserve wildlife and our Mother Nature, people should use <ins>renewable energy</ins> <ins>rather than</ins> <ins>traditional energy sources</ins>.
