#### Do you agree or disagree with the following statement?
### People today are much better informed about international news than they were in the past.

#### (Modern people -> Spend most of their time at their offices, and smartphones and internet access force people to continue working even when people are at home -> Spend more time on their duties than ever before)

To begin with, people nowadays do not pay too much attention to <ins>international news</ins> because modern people spend more time on their duties than ever before. This is because people spend most of their time at their offices, and smartphones and internet access force people to continue working even when people are at home. In other words, people have no time to <ins>stay informed on global affairs</ins>. My friend’s story is a compelling example of this. He began working as an intern at an investment banking firm. He is supposed to work from nine to six, but he actually works from eight to ten every day. He told me that he feels obligated to serve his company and earn income for his household. He must have been under a lot of pressure because the scope of his responsibilities changed a lot. Most of his colleagues feel the same, so they contact each other by phone and the internet even during the weekends so that they can finish their work faster. Since everyone else at the company tries their best to achieve their goals, my friend also makes every effort to fulfill his obligations even when he is not at work. Therefore, he has no time to spend knowing about the <ins>world news</ins>.
